Embeddable Sandbox & Explorer API updates (#384)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/explorer/embed-explorer.mdx

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

##### `collectionId` / `operationId`

`string`

</td>
<td>

> The ID of a collection, paired with an operation ID to populate in the Explorer on load. You can find these values in your Studio Explorer by clicking the **...** menu next to an operation you want to embed and selecting **Copy operation & collection ids**.

Author: ```suggestion
The ID of a collection, paired with an operation ID to populate in the Explorer on load. You can find these values in your Studio Explorer by clicking the **...** menu next to an operation you want to embed and selecting **View operation details**.
```

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

##### `collectionId` & `operationId`

`string`

</td>
<td>

The id of a collection, paired with an operation id to populate in the Explorer on load.
You can find these values in your Studio Explorer by clicking on the ... next to an operation

> you want to embed & selecting 'Copy operation & collection ids'.

Author: We actually just changed this to a modal, updating the copy 🙏🏻
